Did not you wonder what you got?
I wanted to be when I grow up that you
I used to say it was funny because I always
wanted to be a singer and sing along
home I was a child thinking that when
grow up singer there this super famous
follow this career, who knows ?
I always liked communication but also
to increase kitchen thing that
pan conversation but I never thought of
to be a boss who works in a
expensive restaurant a week policy
never had a clue
the hour
after we grow up people
realizes that you can do many things
same time then, if you follow a
profession that is the production that will
give money that will give you experience
at the same time you can do other
thousands of things that do not just give you
pleasure and people are happier
when I have other projects and the law of
I do not work
we have nice neighborhoods at the same time
once I interviewed a girl she got
told me so everyone says that the
life is too short is not that life
It passes quickly but I think life is
It's too long for us to do one thing.
It's true, life is very good, but
Whether or not we look at the day with
so much of things that we can
to do and we only do one thing
nor when we are children we even
more sociable we interact more
easy with people do not have so many
prejudices we do not have the moves in
judge people from the beginning and when
we write we totally changes
this option but not even in childhood
I carry many friends
Which I think most changes when you
become an adult because when you are
and makes that lot of friends in the
school and I saw that lot of experiences
for the first time we think that everything
It will last forever, people think
all those friends will be free of
several friends as soon as we spoke
'we are not the director forever and
then when you have our children
couples changing city had to continue
meeting and imagining, right now I do not
none of them I find so
few friends stayed in my city
It has a recipe or maybe france
guys so in love but I grew up
Amanda and I like it even today than in August
Remember my grandmother remember this thing from
boxer played games that my
voice spoke cinnamon played for the goal
liked defeated in the changes and some
of scandals in favorite sweets
so mother made it very funny, I 'm just going
make my mother made me remember that
people ate late as well when they were
without a small tooth and attended the
in the afternoon session and in which
Nice, I think it's a little secret.
that we are going to show here today is
to make a chile with a sour cream
cool is cool too when you can
leave the table some side dishes
promotion has passed here and is one with
grated who come all week will do
a question that came to government
against chile 12
I think it's a good tip for us.
train him the little prince now is
so fast and have another look at the
who has big people not fans
they understand nothing by themselves and it is very
tiring for the children to stay
explaining time we only know well
the things that captivated men do not have
more time to know anything
they buy everything already ready in the stores but
as there are no friends' shops
men do not have friends if you want a
captive friend
O
disheveled already comes very valuable to
I know that
If you liked this short video
shared again if you liked
this short video share on networks
and a young man had
do not get desperate fellow mayors
a step by step for our makes
point appetizers program with br e
also only underneath and all that you
found another program with several
Good, please, it 's a constructive criticism.
People I did not hold many emotions